Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?

    It is HTML that uses readable element or tag names. Instead of div to split up a page, we can use nav or section or article to divide an HTML page.

2. What is the box model?

    The box model is a representation of a single element that depicts the border margin and padding of a single tag such as a p or h1 tag.

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?

    ID is used for individual elements inside a div and uses # to be reached in CSS. Classes are generally used
    for divs or sections of HTML pages and can be accessed in a CSS file with a ".".

4. What does the z-index do?

    The Z-index can specify which element is on top if they overlap and only works on positioned elements.

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?

    The keyword specifies the context.

6. What is a callback?

    A callback is a function that is passed to another function and is called inside it.

7. What is a closure?

    A closure is an inner function that has access to an outer function.

8. How does prototype work?

    Each object in Javascript has a prototype property and the property points to another object where it inherits other properties and methods.

9. What is MVC?
    MVC is an acronym for Model View Controller. It is an architectural style used in angular js and other front end frameworks.
    The Model holds the data, the view displays it in the UI, and the controller manipulates it.

10. What is the component lifecycle?

    Components are separated blocks of code that handle specific jobs in an application. They are methods to construct views in React and other libraries.

11. What is REST?

     REST is a communication protocol between clients and server.

12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express

    In Express, data can be passed through a URL using parameters, queries or the body; req.params, req.query, req.body.


create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:

    SELECT * FROM users;


-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':


    INSERT INTO users
    (name, email)
    VALUES
    ('John Noriega', 'fake@fake.com');



-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':

    SET name = 'Bobby Boy'
    WHERE email = 'fake@fake.com';

-Delete the newly updated user:


    DELETE * FROM users
    WHERE email = 'fake@fake.com';
